Welcome back.
Were you able to implement Prevent?
Let's have a look at what the code should look like.
The very first thing we do, just like we did with a pen, is to create the node that we're going to
add.
So I'm going to say new node value.
And next now next year, I'm going to leave as no.
And I'll show you why in the next video that is the case and we don't just have next equals to this
dot head to reference the very first item in our list which is ten.
But for now, just trust me that this we want to leave us know because we can do that later.
Right now we're just creating an empty node with the value.
Next.
We want to say that our new node.
Dot next, which is this value over here.
Is going to equal this dot head.
So we've just created a pointer saying that the new node we just created is going to point to this dot
head.
The very first item in our list that shouldn't make sense.
And then obviously, just like we did with a pen, we want to update the reference now to say that this
dot head is no longer equal to this old value.
It's now the new node.
And then finally, we want to add this length and make sure we increase the length of our list.
Finally, if we return this hour linked list, we can say run.
And look at that.
We've presented one to the very first item.
On the list.
The head and that is now referencing ten.
And the tale of our list is now 16.
That wasn't too bad, was it?
In the next video I want to talk about quickly about this new node code that we're repeating both in
append and prevent and what we might want to do with it.
I'll see you in that one.